Privacy Policy

Last updated: March 17, 2017

Evmap ("us", "we", or "our") operates the mromnia.github.io/evmap website (the "Service").

This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information when you use our Service.

We use your Personal Information to better understand your usage of the Service, to collect traffic statistics and to improve the Service. By using the Service, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy.

Information Collection And Use

While using our Service, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you.

Log Data

Like many site operators, we collect information that your browser sends whenever you visit our Service ("Log Data"). This Log Data may include information such as your computer's Internet Protocol ("IP") address, browser type, browser version, the pages of our Service that you visit, the time and date of your visit, the time spent on those pages and other statistics.

Cookies

Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive.

We use cookies to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Service.

Service Providers

We may employ third party companies and individuals to facilitate our Service, to provide the Service on our behalf, to perform Service-related services or to assist us in analyzing how our Service is used.

These third parties may have access to your Personal Information to perform these tasks on our behalf.

Google Analytics

Google Analytics is a web analysis service provided by Google. Google utilizes the data collected to track and examine the use of our Service, to prepare reports on its activities and share them with other Google services.
Google may use the data collected to contextualize and personalize the ads of its own advertising network.

You can opt-out of having your information collected by Google Analytics by downloading the Google Analytics opt-out browser add-on provided by Google. This will prevent your information being used by Google Analytics. Doing this will not effect your ability to use our Site in any way.

Google privacy policy: https://www.google.com/intl/en/policies/privacy/

Security

The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security.

Links To Other Sites

Our Service may contain links to other sites that are not operated by us. If you click on a third party link, you will be directed to that third party's site. We strongly advise you to review the Privacy Policy of every site you visit.

We have no control over, and assume no responsibility for the content, privacy policies or practices of any third party sites or services.

Children's Privacy

Our Service does not address anyone under the age of 13 ("Children").

We do not knowingly collect personally identifiable information from children under 13. If you are a parent or guardian and you are aware that your Children has provided us with Personal Information, please contact us. If we discover that a Children under 13 has provided us with Personal Information, we will delete such information from our servers immediately.

Changes To This Privacy Policy

We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. We will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page.

You are advised to review this Privacy Policy periodically for any changes. Changes to this Privacy Policy are effective when they are posted on this page.

Contact Us

If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us.
